♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Pups Save the Camping Trip."
[barking]
[Rocky barks]
[Skye giggles]
[panting]
Now, that's a real pup tent!
I can't wait to go sleep
in the woods in the tent tonight!
And get some Pup Scout badges!
I'm working
on my Pup Scout Tent-Building badge!
[barks] Claw!
I just need to get
the support pole into here…
[grunts]
Whoa!
[chuckles]
Uh, is there a Pup Scout badge
for tree-climbing?
[both laugh]
No, but we do have badges
for Cleanest Canoe,
Wiggiest Wigwam-Weaver,
Gooiest Roasted Marshmallow.
Can we go now? Can we? [barks]
And Most Excited New Camper!
-Yay!
-Cool.
You should probably get going if you want
to be at your campsite before dark.
Exactly! As Pup Scout leader,
I suggest we pack up
and get ready to march!
[clucks]
Have fun, pups!
Hooray!
All done!
Huh?
Must be tight from being rolled up.
[grunts]
Whoa!
Uh-oh!
Maybe it needs a little weight on the end.
Chickaletta!
[clucks]
Do you mind sitting on the end of
the sleeping bag so it stays rolled out?
[clucks]
[grunts]
That did it!
-[clucks]
-[giggles]
Oops, uh, sorry.
"Fit tent pole A into tent pole-holder B,
under tent pole C."
[laughs]
Ta-da!
Not quite.
Ah, perfect!
Now, let's secure the stakes
so it won't fly away.
Such a good helper!
Oh, but this task requires the right tool.
[clucks]
[snoring]
Tents and sleeping bags are ready!
Is it time to make a campfire?
Let's see
what the Pup Scout camping app says.
Uh, "To set up the fire pit,
first clear all leaves and twigs
that might catch fire from sparks."
[barks]
Pincers!
Twigs cleared away!
Leaves cleared away!
Great job!
Next, make a ring of rocks on a dirt area.
[both] We're on it!
[clucks]
Well done, Pup Scouts!
[Rocky] Hey, that rock's a turtle!
Oh, that gets you
an Animal Identification badge!
-[Rocky] Cool!
-Now that we have leaves and twigs,
we need bigger pieces of wood
for the fire.
Camping is just like fetch,
without the throwing!
[giggles]
[clucks]
[Goodway] Well done, Rocky!
You just earned a Tidy Firewood badge!
This bucket of sand is in case
we need to put out the campfire.
Now, everything's set except--
[both] Marshmallow sticks!
Ah, that's right!
The key is finding the perfect stick.
[both] Yay!
[both bark]
[laughs]
Oh!
Too flimsy.
[clucks]
Hmm…
too short.
[clucks]
Chickaletta?
[Chickaletta clucks]
[clucks]
[Goodway gasps] Chickaletta!
Easy, Chickaletta! No need to panic!
This is a total disaster! Rocky! Skye!
It's Chickaletta!
She's fallen down there!
[clucks]
[barks] Claw!
Sorry, I can't reach you!
I'd fly down to her,
but it's too narrow for my wings.
-There's only one thing left to do.
-[beeps]
[phone rings]
-Hello, Ryder here.
[Goodway] It's a disaster, Ryder! Help!
Hi, Mayor Goodway! What happened?
Chickaletta's trapped in a crevasse
and it's getting dark.
We're on it!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[barks]
Wait for me!
[giggles] Oh, whoa!
[grunts]
All good.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for coming so quickly, pups.
I just got a call
from Mayor Goodway and the Pup Scouts.
Is Skye okay?
Er, I mean, are they okay?
The pups are fine,
but Chickaletta's stuck
in a cave in the ground and can't get out.
She's too deep for Rocky to reach,
so we're going to have to help.
[beeps]
Chase, we'll need your winch
to pull Chickaletta out.
Chase is on the case!
[beeps]
Rubble, we'll need your rig
to clear the rocks from the edge.
Rubble on the double!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[Goodway] Ryder, thank goodness!
Poor Chickaletta must be so frightened
with all the creatures lurking
in the darkness.
Ah, like that! It has my leg!
[barks] Light!
Aw, what a cute little bunny!
Oh! [chuckles] Of course! I knew that!
I have my Bunny Care badge.
Let's check on Chickaletta.
Chase, shine your light
so Rubble can clear the loose rocks.
You got it!
All clear!
Thanks, Rubble!
Don't worry, Chickaletta.
We'll get you out soon!
Chickaletta!
Are you all right, my little chick-chick?
[burps]
Oh.
[grunts]
I need a small pup
to ride down on the winch.
[Skye gasps]
[barks] I can do it!
[barks] Open winch!
Almost there!
Hey, Chickaletta!
-[clucks]
-I'm going to help you out.
I can carry you!
Or… you could just ride on my head.
Okay, bring us up!
I'm on it!
[beeps]
I never knew chicken feet
were so ticklish!
[giggles]
Can you spot me, Rocky?
You got it!
[growls]
Almost there!
[grunts] Got her!
Yay!
Yes! Chickaletta's okay! She's okay!
[barks]
Yes! Skye's okay!
She's okay!
Aw, you were worried!
Uh, no, I wasn't!
I'm just, uh, glad you saved Chickaletta!
Thanks, Chase. That's very sweet.
Well, after an exciting rescue like that,
there's only one thing left to do.
Roast marshmallows!
[all cheer]
What a beautiful night!
Yeah, it's so nice here,
we should all camp out!
If you Pup Scouts don't mind.
-Yeah, stay!
-We don't mind!
[both cheer]
Fantastic idea,
but there aren't enough tents.
[both bark] House!
[Goodway]
Now that's making yourself at home!
Okay, time to learn
the most important camping skill of all.
Marshmallow…
[clucks]
…and corn roasting.
Chickaletta, you get
a Pup Scout badge for bravery,
and I have
a very special Chickaletta Rescue badge
-for the PAW Patrol!
-Thanks, Mayor!
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
[Rocky] Help!
I burned the marshmallows!
Burned?
[barks] Water cannon!
[barks]
Uh-oh. Whoa!
Sorry, pups.
Now your marshmallows
are burned and soggy.
-[all laugh]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[theme song playing]